friends i am simon your muscle maker
One may with an allergy one may with
hay fever to go to training yes or
No
I explained to you in the last video
what it looks like with a runny nose
a cold if you are there for training
can go and I already have
announced that the proper position again
so a little different looks at
an allergy what is actually one
allergy what is a hay fever me
I'm always plagued with hay fever myself
when the early bloomers come along
I always go when the winter comes to an end
and it used to be really nice
then I have this allergic
reaction
my eyes swim to my
nose starts to hit if he agrees
is also a bit different and
that's exactly where I'm with
have to fight hay fever
what is a hay fever now and how
it comes about our body thinks
that there is something harmful and driving
his entire defense team high
So the entire immune system is with it
Busy to get rid of these pollen
they are not viruses, they are not
Bacteria are just completely
harmless polls but our body
takes is different he was thinking that he
on the other hand, the result must be the
I realize this swollen itself
roughened here a bit in the back
neck a disgusting feeling one feels
just not so fit and there is
Of course some things you can do
On the other hand, it can be quite decisive
you can play your histamine role
Antihistamines take it too
other allergic or antiallergic
I am always on medication
bit reticent these tablets
I have the rizzi called that
Whole one can take on the eve
or take half a tablet if
it is especially bad of
I do not hold a nasal spray personally
a lot of the world is simply the one with me
nose dries out and the whole thing still
But what makes me worse is what I do
can recommend is a beautiful
Nasal shower that is actually that
hottest what you can do with if
allergy or without allergy just take a look
Pretty much everything by washing her glock
not what it all comes out
It is really incredible that I can
recommend you go pharmacy or yes
Order yourself on the internet is what I am
I use the link under the link
video in the infobox in but you can
But just go to the pharmacy
as to inquire what a nasal shower
We just have them there
play through all the pollen rausholen
Everything is really nice for you
is caked once is play through
a really good thing and that too
the best you could do me
I already said it actually is
this defensive reaction of our body
completely
100 if you take the medication
has taken or precautionary measures
then you feel at once
again much better means of course in
plain text where no allergens are there
you can not be harmed either
so they can not do anything to you
in the gym you will for
usually do not have pollen or only
have minimal amounts of pollens
that means that you should actually
have no complaints so I am
at least I have in the gym
no complaints
So I can go to the gym
exercise without restriction
Now I'll just remember when I'm back
go out of the gym after
run home run under nachwirke
over there it starts again
That's how I like it. So I try
in the time where I have a fever
while training
I look a bit unnoticed
I'm not 100 percent, either
my forces but only so at 95 or
98 percent I will not go over now
all borders and I have none
training booster pure though that's me
often does very well if this protein
and soul peace, for example, easy
so to stop the nasal mucous membranes
Contributes but I renounce it because
I just want to say I want me
itself the phase now not too
bring top performance where the body
Maybe it does not say it right now
could accomplish their own forces
so and now to the question again quite
I am allowed to go there clearly
Hay fever training yes or no
best ask your doctor or
Pharmacist but I leave when I am
I have to have hay fever because of my training
just noticed in the training room
inside I have no problems in
There is no allergenic swimming
to create more can I do so
also work out without problems
Clearly so much for this question
Of course you have to do it yourself again
go through my head because yes
do not know what allergens you have
maybe you are also against training
one for you allergic then you have
of course a big problem
See you in the next video many
greetings from your simon